Assignment - 1
Q1 . In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.

	*	:- expression
	'hello' :- value
	-87.8   :- value
	-	:- expression
	/	:- expression
	+	:- expression
	6	:- value


Q2. What is the difference between string and variable?
	String   :- string is a type of value whcih can be stored in a variable.
	Variable :- variable is used to store information or value in a program.
	Example:- A = 'mounika'
		  Here A is a variable used to store the string value 'mounika'.

Q3. Describe three different data types.
	Types of datatypes:-
	1. Integer   :- stores numbers 
	2. Character :- stores alphabets
	3. Boolean   :- true or false , yes or no


Q4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
A.  An expression is a combination of operators,operands and variables that is interpreted to produce some other value.


Q5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
A.  Expression is made up of values, containers, and mathematical operators (operands) and the statement is just like a command that a python interpreter 
    like print.


Q6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
    bacon = 22
    bacon + 1
A.  23
 

Q7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
    'spam' + 'spamspam'
    'spam' * 3
A.  'spamspamspam'
    'spamspamspam'
    Values of both are same.


Q8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
A.  We cannot give variable names an integer because as an integer is a value that could be stored in a variable. if we are supposed to give a variable
    name an integer then we can start with single alphabet followed by integer. ex:- e100 or a100 ,....  


Q9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
A.  int(),float(),str()


Q10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
     'I have eaten'+99+'burritos.'
A.   This expression causes a type error.Because only string values can be concatenated, here 99 is an integer to make it a string we will use '99'.
     corrected expression :- 'I have eaten'+'99'+'burritos'





	